“A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away…” — Title card
“I’ve been waiting for you, Obi-Wan. We meet again, at last. The circle is now complete. When I left you, I was but the learner; now I am the master.” — (A New Hope)
“The Force is strong with this one.” — (A New Hope)
Luke Skywalker: "No. You’re coming with me. I’ll not leave you here, I’ve got to save you."
Darth Vader: "You already…have, Luke. You were right. You were right about me. Tell your sister…you were right." — (Return of the Jedi)
"No. I am your father." —(The Empire Strikes Back)
"I find your lack of faith disturbing" —(A New Hope)
"If you only knew the power of the dark side." —(The Empire Strikes Back)
"Be careful not to choke on your aspirations." — (Rogue One)
"You have failed me for the last time." — (The Empire Strikes Back)
"You have controlled your fear. Now, release your anger. Only your hatred can destroy me." —  (The Empire Strikes Back)
“Remember…the Force will be with you, always.” — (A New Hope)
“Use the Force, Luke.” —  (A New Hope)
"You were the chosen one! It was said that you would destroy the Sith, not join them. You were to bring balance to the Force, not leave it in darkness." —  (Revenge of the Sith)
"Be mindful of your thoughts Anakin. They’ll betray you." — (Attack of the Clones)
"In my experience, there’s no such thing as luck." — (A New Hope)
"Your eyes can deceive you, don't trust them." — (A New Hope)
"You were my brother, Anakin. I loved you." —  (Revenge of the Sith)
"Who’s the more foolish: the fool, or the fool who follows him?" — (A New Hope)
"Don't give in to hate. That leads to the Dark Side." — (The Empire Strikes Back)
"Why do I get the feeling you're going to be the death of me?" — (Attack of the Clones)
"Dreams pass in time." — (Attack of the Clones)
"I have a bad feeling about this." — (The Phantom Menace)
“Traveling through hyperspace ain’t like dusting crops, farm boy.” — (A New Hope)
"Never tell me the odds!" — (The Empire Strikes Back)
"Chewie, we’re home." —  (The Force Awakens)
"Great, kid. Don’t get cocky." — (A New Hope)
"Women always figure out the truth." — (The Force Awakens)
"Laugh it up, fuzzball."  — (The Empire Strikes Back)
"You know, sometimes I amaze even myself." — (A New Hope)
"Don’t everybody thank me at once." — (A New Hope)
"Let’s keep a little optimism here." — (Return of the Jedi)
Rey: Is that even possible?
“Judge me by my size, do you?” — (The Empire Strikes Back)
“Do. Or do not. There is no try.” — (The Empire Strikes Back)
“Fear is the path to the dark side.” — (The Phantom Menace)
"Fear leads to anger, anger leads to hate, hate leads to suffering." — (The Phantom Menace)
"Once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny.” — (The Empire Strikes Back)
"In a dark place we find ourselves, and a little more knowledge lights our way." — (Revenge of the Sith)
"Size matters not."  — (The Empire Strikes Back)
"Wars not make one great." — (The Empire Strikes Back)
"A Jedi uses the Force for knowledge and defense, never for attack." — (The Empire Strikes Back)
"You must unlearn what you have learned." — (The Empire Strikes Back)
"When 900 years old you reach, look as good you will not." — (Return of the Jedi)
"I was raised to do one thing, but I've got nothing to fight for." — (The Force Awakens)
"That's one hell of a pilot!" — (The Force Awakens)
"Rebel scum." — (The Last Jedi)
"I won’t fail you. I’m not afraid." — (The Empire Strikes Back)
"I've seen this raw strength only once before. It didn't scare me enough then. It does now." — (The Last Jedi)
"You'll find I'm full of surprises." — (The Empire Strikes Back)
"Strike me down in anger and I'll always be with you, just like your father." — (The Last Jedi)
"No one's ever really gone." — (The Last Jedi)
"Confronting fear is the destiny of a Jedi. Your destiny." — (The Rise of Skywalker)
"The Force is not a power you have. It’s not about lifting rocks. It’s the energy between all things, a tension, a balance, that binds the universe together." — (The Last Jedi)
"I’m rather embarrassed, General Solo, but it appears that you are to be the main course at a banquet in my honor." — (Return of the Jedi)
"We seem to be made to suffer. It's our lot in life." — (A New Hope)
"We're doomed." — (A New Hope)
Poe Dameron: What, uh, what are you doing there, 3PO? C-3PO: Taking one last look, sir, at my friends. — (The Rise of Skywalker)
"He's quite clever, you know...for a human being." — (The Empire Strikes Back)
"Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You’re my only hope." — (A New Hope)
"She was more interested in protecting the Light than seeming like a hero." — (The Last Jedi)
“I’d just as soon kiss a Wookiee.” — (The Empire Strikes Back)
"Somebody has to save our skins. Into the garbage chute, flyboy." —  (A New Hope)
"Will somebody get this big walking carpet out of my way? — (A New Hope)
"Some day you're gonna be wrong, I just hope I'm there to see it." — (The Empire Strikes Back)
"Get your head out of your cockpit." — (The Last Jedi)
"Attachment is forbidden. Possession is forbidden. Compassion, which I would define as unconditional love, is essential to a Jedi’s life. So you might say, that we are encouraged to love." — (Attack of the Clones)
"You're asking me to be rational. That is something that I know I cannot do. Believe me, I wish I could just wish away my feelings, but I can't." — (Attack of the Clone Wars)
"Someday I will be the most powerful Jedi ever." — (Attack of the Clones)
"Mom, you said that the biggest problem in this universe is nobody helps each other." — (The Phantom Menace)
"Something inside me has always been there, but now it's awake." — (The Last Jedi)
"I need someone to show me my place in all of this." — (The Last Jedi)
"Light. Darkness. A balance." — (The Last Jedi)
"People keep telling me they know me. No one does." — (The Rise of Skywalker)
"I've seen your daily routine. You are not busy."  — (The Last Jedi)
"I think I can handle myself." — (The Force Awakens)
"I know what I have to do." — (The Last Jedi)
"Let the past die. Kill it." — (The Last Jedi)
"It's not a problem if you don't look up." — (Rogue One)
"Rebellions are built on hope." — (Rogue One)
"So this is how liberty dies...with thunderous applause." — (Revenge of the Sith)
"What if the democracy we thought we were serving no longer exists, and the Republic has become the very evil we have been fighting to destroy?" — (Revenge of the Sith)
"I'm not afraid to die. I've been dying a little bit each day since you came back into my life." — (Attack of the Clones)
"To be angry is to be human." — (Attack of the Clone Wars)
"As long as he lives, hope lives." — (The Last Jedi)
"There has been an awakening. Have you felt it?" — (The Force Awakens)
"You can’t stop change any more than you can stop the suns from setting." — (The Phantom Menace)
"Now, be brave, and don't look back." — (The Phantom Menace)
"The Force, it's calling to you. Just let it in." — (The Force Awakens)
"Dear child, the belonging you seek is not behind you...it is ahead." — (The Force Awakens)
"We're not alone. Good people will fight if we lead them." — (The Rise of Skywalker)
"Remember, Your focus determines your reality." — (The Phantom Menace)
"I sense great fear in you, Skywalker. You have hate. You have anger. But you don’t use them." — (Revenge of the Sith)
"I’m just a simple man trying to make my way in the universe." — (Attack of the Clones)
"I’m one with the Force. The Force is with me." — (Rogue One)
"That's how we're gonna win. Not fighting what we hate, saving what we love." — (The Last Jedi)
"Long have I waited, and now your coming together is your undoing." — (The Rise of Skywalker)
"How wude!" —  (The Phantom Menace)
"Save the Rebellion! Save the dream." — (Rogue One)
"He's no good to me dead." — (The Empire Strikes Back)
"Here goes nothing." — (Return of the Jedi)
"I find that answer vague and unconvincing." — (Rogue One)
"live long and prosper" - (Gandalf - bigevilbeard)
"Use the force Harry!" - (Yoda - CobusBernard) 
"What's Padme bringing to the BBQ?" - (harjamanno - Anakin)
"cross tagline Yoda of BORG am I. Futile is resistance...assimilate you I will." - (fuzzy_vanny)
"... May the BuildON be with you on this May the 4th! AWS and Lambda - your lightsabers to wield the power of the Force in serverless computing. DynamoDB - your trusted droid to store your data stronger than a Wookiee. Join the rebel alliance of cloud computing and celebrate Star Wars Day with the ultimate tools for success. Happy May the 4th, young padawan! ... " - (MarcCloudArc)
"Something, something....Darkside!!" - (jarikatucker - Darth Sidious)
"Beware on this May 4th, for the dark side of AWS CodeWhisper looms. A group of developers worked late at the Rebellion's secret base, only to be threatened by the CodeWhisperer, who demanded allegiance to the dark side of the cloud. But with the power of the BuildON, they overcame and vanquished the threat. May the 4th be with you, and always remember to secure your AWS applications from the CodeWhisperer's grasp!" - (MarcCloudArc)
"Why did the AWS CodeWhisperer switch to using AWS CDK? Because he heard it was easier to construct a Death Star with infrastructure as code!" - (MarcCloudArc)
"Yoda Leaves For Dagobah "'Failed I Have, Into Exile I Must Go.'" - (kjhakanson)
